# dr-tony
Why consult with a doctor before taking medication?
A medication routine is not the thing you can set by yourself. If you are going to take any medicine for any health condition, then you must consult with a medical expert—your family doctor tabs on which medicine you are taking and how it affects your health. At every visit, a patient is required to go for regular checkups. Taking medicine without doctor consultation is not recommended. It comes under the term of self-medication, and this is harmful if you are not a medical person or having a certified pharmaceutical expert.
Risk of self-medication
It leads to potential risks of incorrect choice of therapy, incorrect dosage, incorrect manner of administration, dangerous drug interactions, infrequent but severe reactions, and incorrect self-diagnosis. As per the doctors, self-medication is highly dangerous that will not let anyone survive. Moreover, these patients take medicines with toxic elements that can be harsh to the body. Obviously, it leaves harmful effects on health. In some cases, medication does not suit the body, or a person is allergic to a specific formula, but he does not know this factor. A wrong decision about medication can lead to death. If you buy oxycodone online,https://www.thewallstreetmarket.com/product/buy-oxycodone-online-2/ you must discuss it with your doctor. Some other reasons to discuss with the doctor before taking medication are given below.
The doctor has knowledge about medicines
The doctor has complete knowledge about medicines and knows the chemical formula of these drugs. He provides optimal medication management for chronic diseases like hypertension, asthma, diabetes. The healthcare professional’s collaboration, like pharmacists, doctors, and physicians, assure the patient that he is taking the right medicines. In this way, he gets prevention from the harmful impact. You should consult your doctor before making a final decision about any medicines. He helps you by guiding the use of medicines. If you are going to buy online, then you must check the ways how to buy oxycodone online.https://www.thewallstreetmarket.com/product/buy-oxycodone-online-2/
The alternative of the medicine
Sometimes a formula does not suitable for the patient. The doctor will guide you to take the alternative of the drug. This is a helpful step for health safety. Your doctor knows which medicine will be suitable as per your health conditions because there may be other medicines to consider for your condition. Some drugs are more efficient, but these have great health risks or irreversible side effects. It is important to compare the balance of risks and benefits for every medicine, and an experienced doctor can do this experience.
How long can you use medicine?
This is one of the questions for that you do not have the answer because you cannot decide how long, when, and how much you have to take the medication. This is the prime reason for which you need to consult with the doctor. If you decide the dosage on your own and that is not suitable for you, then your body will bear the losses.
